you guys like movies nope only if
there's terminators in dance always been
like the negative like black hole in are
good and like a whole like tell me you
and diesel side in 25 and chat dates
like yeah chant ages back to the dead
have I was check and IceCube pics low
funnel money to chatting title no me oh
the worlds collide Oh willow Walker blew
up the house so you guys stay some
commands hasn't been in a while so I
have a rock then I am a boom you draw
mass yes awesome
and the rock can do no wrong my Jason
did a couple movies
yeah Wow
that station hasn't demonstrated enough
personality for me who doesn't know so
same dude all the time and yeah kind of
butts or a lot of these guys
unfortunately you gotta move your lip
didn't do anything
a lot of these guys aren't leaving mr
Turner
god damn we need some back door a part
of the curtain a lot of friends
Becky you see corrupt alivelu nice after
the markets are closed this time of day
yeah just about being fast yes yeah
that's all so what's the name on the
right
Coolio she has walked me through will be
supposed to be doing
yeah wait a sec sorry are I totally like
Fatma you need some fresh air a nucleus
yah yah Justin you do did you play
numbers
you can say the i7 land that they just
landed affecting your goddamn hat about
small countries just right here takes
crazy
Oh Lineker thank you yeah you know
Ludacris is awesome you just pulled out
yeah right he's actually a really cool
guy from what I've seen somebody I've
heard in the interviews with subs
he's a Big Mac guy Apple computers all
the way for him right on I'm down with
that
this is funny you wouldn't expect a guy
like Ludacris to go up on a fake and
nerd brass yeah totally in the middle of
an interview went off on how he loves
max Samoan guy they're just enjoyable
movies they're so fun but I haven't seen
anyone but the first you shoot very fun
I didn't get the second third fourth
whatever watch the recent ones with the
rock they're awesome
so skip the third and four you're saying
I think the fourth is Tokyo Drift I
didn't watch that one so high things -
five - six is good
how come be on my car got up to level
and 70 in the sky are you like spice why
are you have to uber why are you because
why is up there how did they get up
there - raka Vin Diesel Jones wrong
questions in the industry like the
already call industry or is it actually
better for the janitors cuz they big
Curtis resonators uh I just I know that
like I mean the cow can speak from
authority not liking Tokyo Drift
I just haven't watched it I to see it I
didn't have anyone in it so you can see
it - big night for five it's got a
little bow in it yeah oh well then it's
great back when he's still a little low
I refuse to watch two and three because
about their exploitive and when I grew
up I actually really liked fast in the
Furious we - oh my god I love those
great little movie and then when I saw
to come out I said this is stupid
Cashin shit and refused to watch it kept
happening - even though fast and furious
was a summer movie baby was a good movie
llion dollars anyways are we back